DOC: Complete API for reset (#10541)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/reset/description.rst

Description
===========

:Class: `jwst.reset.reset_step.ResetStep`
:Alias: reset

The reset correction is a MIRI step that attempts to correct
for the reset anomaly effect. This effect is caused by the non-ideal

> behavior of the FET upon resetting in the dark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
behavior of the field effect transistors (FETs) upon resetting in the dark
```
